# [PMT-Viewer](http://spatialdev.github.com/PMT-Viewer) 

An [AngularJS](http://angularjs.org) [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) web application for exploring, visuallizing and comparing 
[IATI Standardized](http://iatistandard.org/) data stored in the 
[PMT Database](http://spatialdev.github.com/PMT-Database).

* [Quick Start](#quick_start)

* [Build Troubleshooting](#build_troubleshooting)

* [Grunt Build Process](#grunt_build_process)

* [Overall Directory Structure](#overall-directory-structure)

* [Publishing](#publishing)

***

## Quick Start

Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) and then:

```

$ git clone git://github.com/spatialdev/PMT-Viewer
$ cd PMT-Viewer/Application
$ sudo npm -g install grunt-cli karma bower
$ sudo npm install
$ bower install
$ grunt build -env=stage -theme=spatialdev

```

Finally, open `file:///path/to/PMT-Viewer/Application/build/index.html` in your browser.

## Build Troubleshooting

Some tips if you are running into build errors on installation:
  - Delete your package-lock.json file and both the node_modules & vendor directories and execute the install commands for npm and bower.

## Grunt Build Process

The PMT Viewer comes with an extensive grunt build processes. The following is a quick listing of commands:

    build - builds the applications assests and sources and places the resulting application in the /build folder.
    compile - first builds the application and then compiles it for publishing in the /bin directory.
    -theme - this specifies the target theme, options: spatialdev [default when no theme is provided], agra, ethaim, bmgf, tanaim
    -env - this specifies the target environment, options: local, stage [default when no env is provided], demo, production

Examples:

Build for development purposes the AGRA theme for the staging environment:

    grunt build -theme=agra -env=stage

    or

    grunt build -theme=agra

Compile for publish purposes the TanAIM theme for the production environment:

    grunt compile -theme=tanaim -env=production    

    or

    grunt -theme=tanaim -env=production

    
## Overall Directory Structure

At a high level, the structure of _"PMT-Viewer/Application"_ looks roughly like this:


* **bin** - the compliled application ready for publish.
* **build** - the complied application with tests.
* **karma** - test configuration.
* **node_modules** - node puts required modules here.
* **src** - the application.
  * **app** - the main application source files.
    * **about** - the about page.
      * **info** - the customizable section.
      * **less** - the less files.
      * **about.js** - the controller.
      * **about.spec.js** - the test.
      * **about.tpl.html** - the template.
    * **login** - the login page.
      * **less** - the less files.
      * **login.js** - the controller.
      * **login.spec.js** - the test.
      * **login.tpl.html** - the template.
    * **app.js** - the application controller.
    * **app.spec.js** - the test.
    * **config.js** - the configuration file generated by the build, based on _theme_.
  * **assets** - static files like fonts and images. [Read more](assets/README.md).
  * **common** - third-party libraries or re-usable components. [Read more](common/README.md).
  * **less** - application less directory. [Read more](less/README.md).
      * **themes** - individual themes.
      * **main.less** - main less.
      * **variables.less** - application variables.
  * **index.html** - application main html, build compiles application in to a SPA (single page app).
* **vendor** - thrid party packages install by Bower and manually installed. All packages must be put into ```build.config.js```.
* **.bowerrc** - the Bower configuration file.
* **.travis.yml** - the Travis CI configuration file.
* **app.config.js** - the application configuration file. Objects in this file are used to create the ```src/app/config.js``` file based on _theme_.
* **bower.json** - the listing of Bower dependencies.
* **build.config.js** - the grunt build configuration file.
* **Gruntfile.js** - the grunt build file.
* **module.prefix** & **module.suffix** - our compiled application script is wrapped in these, which by default are used to place the application inside a self-executing anonymous function to ensure no clashes with other libraries.
* **package.json**- metadata about the app, used by NPM and our build script. The NPM dependencies are listed here.


## Publishing
The PMT Viewer Portal can be found: http://v10.investmentmapping.org/

* Contents of the build directory should be placed on S3 to **publish** PMT Viewer _instance_.
  * https://s3.amazonaws.com/v10.investmentmapping.org/<theme directory>
* Physical images - physical images should be placed on S3 and references in the app.config.js file.
  * https://s3.amazonaws.com/v10.investmentmapping.org/themes/<theme directory>
  * Note: make image files public

