# The `src` Directory

* **src** - the application.
  * **app** - the main application source files.[Read more](app/README.md)
    * **about** - the about page.
      * **info** - the customizable section.
      * **less** - the less files.
      * **about.js** - the controller.
      * **about.spec.js** - the test.
      * **about.tpl.html** - the template.
    * **login** - the login page. [Read more](app/login/README.md)
      * **less** - the less files.
      * **login.js** - the controller.
      * **login.spec.js** - the test.
      * **login.tpl.html** - the template.
    * **app.js** - the application controller.
    * **app.spec.js** - the test.
    * **config.js** - the configuration file generated by the build, based on _theme_.
  * **assets** - static files like fonts and images. [Read more](assets/README.md).
  * **common** - third-party libraries or re-usable components. [Read more](common/README.md).
  * **less** - application less directory. [Read more](less/README.md).
      * **themes** - individual themes.
      * **main.less** - main less.
      * **variables.less** - application variables.
  * **index.html** - application main html, build compiles application in to a SPA (single page app).

## Overview

The `src/` directory contains all code used in the application along with all
tests.

See each directory for a detailed explanation.

## `index.html`

The `index.html` file is the HTML document of the single-page application (SPA)
that should contain all markup that applies to everything in the app, such as
the header and footer. It declares with `ngApp` that this is `PMTViewer`,
specifies the main `AppCtrl` controller, and contains the `ngView` directive
into which route templates are placed.

Unlike any other HTML document (e.g. the templates), `index.html` is compiled as
a Grunt template, so variables from `Gruntfile.js` and `package.json` can be
referenced from within it. Changing `name` in `package.json` from
"PMTViewer" will rename the resulting CSS and JavaScript placed in `build/`,
so this HTML references them by variable for convenience.
